Why are you so casual?
Everyone wants it. What are you talking about?
Why can’t I understand? If I had brought you in at some point,
You're in the hands of your friends.
Having said that, I still saved you.
My name is Caichu Hukou,
Entering the wolf's den again, you suddenly explode.
What's this? Very up,
Even I feel jealous. Aren’t you still going to measure the person you replaced?
This fate was originally determined by God,
From the moment I entered you, I was swimming in my heart,
Next life, next life.
You have said all the good things
I just said it can be done
Otherwise, I would have gone to sleep. I didn’t expect it.
It turns out that it’s just Ding, Ding, Ding.